README.md, before:

![](../../workflows/gds/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/docs/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/test/badge.svg)

# Zilog Z80
On the path to become silicon proven, pin compatible, open-source replacement for classic Zilog Z80!

## Existing Verilog Z80 implementations
* TV80 https://github.com/hutch31/tv80
* TV80 https://github.com/Obijuan/Z80-FPGA

# Tiny Tapeout

- [Read the documentation for project](docs/info.md)

## What is Tiny Tapeout?

Tiny Tapeout is an educational project that aims to make it easier and cheaper than ever to get your digital designs manufactured on a real chip.

To learn more and get started, visit https://tinytapeout.com.

## Set up your Verilog project

1. Add your Verilog files to the `src` folder.
2. Edit the [info.yaml](info.yaml) and update information about your project, paying special attention to the `source_files` and `top_module` properties. If you are upgrading an existing Tiny Tapeout project, check out our [online info.yaml migration tool](https://tinytapeout.github.io/tt-yaml-upgrade-tool/).
3. Edit [docs/info.md](docs/info.md) and add a description of your project.
4. Adapt the testbench to your design. See [test/README.md](test/README.md) for more information.

The GitHub action will automatically build the ASIC files using [OpenLane](https://www.zerotoasiccourse.com/terminology/openlane/).

## Enable GitHub actions to build the results page

- [Enabling GitHub Pages](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/#my-github-action-is-failing-on-the-pages-part)

## Resources

- [FAQ](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/)
- [Digital design lessons](https://tinytapeout.com/digital_design/)
- [Learn how semiconductors work](https://tinytapeout.com/siliwiz/)
- [Join the community](https://tinytapeout.com/discord)
- [Build your design locally](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aUUZ1jthRpg4QURIIyzlOaPWlmQzr-jBn3wZipVUPt4)

## What next?

- [Submit your design to the next shuttle](https://app.tinytapeout.com/).
- Edit [this README](README.md) and explain your design, how it works, and how to test it.
- Share your project on your social network of choice:
  - LinkedIn [#tinytapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23tinytapeout) [@TinyTapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/company/100708654/)
  - Mastodon [#tinytapeout](https://chaos.social/tags/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://chaos.social/@matthewvenn)
  - X (formerly Twitter) [#tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/hashtag/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://twitter.com/matthewvenn)

Commit message:

Update README with links and pinout

README.md, after:

![](../../workflows/gds/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/docs/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/test/badge.svg)

# Zilog Z80
On the path to become silicon proven, pin compatible, open-source replacement for classic Zilog Z80!

The first iteration is made for Tiny Tapeout and is based on Guy Hutchison's [TV80](https://github.com/hutch31/tv80) Verilog core.

## Zilog Data Book
[Zilog Data Book](http://cini.classiccmp.org//pdf/Zilog/Zilog%20Data%20Book.PDF)

## Pinout
![](.docs/z80-pinout-from-Zilog-Data-Book.png)

## Z80 Reverse Engineering
* [Why the Z-80's data pins are scrambled](http://www.righto.com/2014/09/why-z-80s-data-pins-are-scrambled.html)

## Existing Z80 implementations
* TV80 https://github.com/hutch31/tv80
* TV80 https://github.com/Obijuan/Z80-FPGA

# Tiny Tapeout

- [Read the documentation for project](docs/info.md)

## What is Tiny Tapeout?

Tiny Tapeout is an educational project that aims to make it easier and cheaper than ever to get your digital designs manufactured on a real chip.

To learn more and get started, visit https://tinytapeout.com.

## Set up your Verilog project

1. Add your Verilog files to the `src` folder.
2. Edit the [info.yaml](info.yaml) and update information about your project, paying special attention to the `source_files` and `top_module` properties. If you are upgrading an existing Tiny Tapeout project, check out our [online info.yaml migration tool](https://tinytapeout.github.io/tt-yaml-upgrade-tool/).
3. Edit [docs/info.md](docs/info.md) and add a description of your project.
4. Adapt the testbench to your design. See [test/README.md](test/README.md) for more information.

The GitHub action will automatically build the ASIC files using [OpenLane](https://www.zerotoasiccourse.com/terminology/openlane/).

## Enable GitHub actions to build the results page

- [Enabling GitHub Pages](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/#my-github-action-is-failing-on-the-pages-part)

## Resources

- [FAQ](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/)
- [Digital design lessons](https://tinytapeout.com/digital_design/)
- [Learn how semiconductors work](https://tinytapeout.com/siliwiz/)
- [Join the community](https://tinytapeout.com/discord)
- [Build your design locally](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aUUZ1jthRpg4QURIIyzlOaPWlmQzr-jBn3wZipVUPt4)

## What next?

- [Submit your design to the next shuttle](https://app.tinytapeout.com/).
- Edit [this README](README.md) and explain your design, how it works, and how to test it.
- Share your project on your social network of choice:
  - LinkedIn [#tinytapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23tinytapeout) [@TinyTapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/company/100708654/)
  - Mastodon [#tinytapeout](https://chaos.social/tags/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://chaos.social/@matthewvenn)
  - X (formerly Twitter) [#tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/hashtag/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://twitter.com/matthewvenn)
